---
layout: post
title:  "Hello"
img: "hello.jpg"
description: "Nepal: land of garage doors"
---

Nepal is a land full of garage doors. They are built into just about every building, regardless of location. 

For cars right? Nope, few Nepalis have cars. However, many have motorcycles or scooter (have you ever seen a family of 4 on a scooter? I have), but they do not store those in the garages, they prefer to park them on the streets, in the entryways or interior courtyards of their buildings. Preferably up a couple of stairs, many have made little ramps up the entry steps into their buildings. Also, there is no Nepali word for Motorcycle in Nepali, they say 'Motorcycle', it's odd to hear english words in the
middle of a heated argument.   

These are thick belted steel garage doors, heavy, very loud to open and close. Unintentionally bullet-proof, although gun violence is extremely rare. Crooks prefer the intimacy of knives, kukri knives.

Secured behind these garage doors are stores, cafes, groceries selling trekking supplies, teas, trinkets and tourist keep sakes, kukri knives, scarves, cloth, selling services like motorcycle hire, shoe repair, tailoring. Although most of the stores sell similar, if not the same items, they are independently owned and operated. There are very few chain stores. 

Most do not have store fronts, they open directly into the streets, sometimes only a single light hanging from a wire lights the entire garage area.   

I find this model much more appealing than the employment concept in the US of predominantly working for larger companies, rather than for yourself. Most shop owners live right above their shops, open and close when they want, and have a degree of freedom and ownership of their trade. 
