---
layout: post
title:  "Raksi"
img: 'grey-hair.jpg'
description: "Traditional beverage of men in the evenings"
---

It's like moonshine, but not strong enough to be flammable.

Like most of the rest of the world, the nights in Nepal run on Alcohol, but never past 11pm (you will be locked out of your hotel, serious). A specific beverage, home-brewed, called Raksi (pronounced like the surf clothing company) is the drink of choice.

The wine here is not very good, it's expensive, tastes like thin port, and I'm a snobby Californian who rarely drinks anyway. 

Made from Millet, Raksi tastes like watered down gin without the juniper. 

Tonight, I found myself drinking Raksi talking to 4 senior Newaru (Nepali businessmen caste who are usually Mongolian in descent) about how some people do relationships 'backwards' in the West.

They were wondering if I was married, I said that every woman I had asked said no. I have not asked anyone to marry me, but I am sure that is probably the answer I would get.  

I was struggling to convey to them how some modern relationships start in the West. Probably a bad idea. Mmmm this Raksi is smooth.   

Note: Obviously this is a dramatization, but I am sure they perceived it being much worse then the PG version I gave. 

This is how 20-somethings often meet today.  

Two people of opposite gender (or same gender, but I skipped over that part) meet at a bar, try to have some kind of conversation about a shared interest, assess physical attractiveness, if acceptable, have (usually bad) drunken sex, wake up with a headache and try to hash out relationship agreement (if the sex was not horrible or sobriety reveals a beastly bed creature), then see if a friendship emerges, maybe marry and have kids (kids can happen whenever alcohol, or poor quality latex is involved). I think this might be the Reality TV version of Western relationships. 

I backtracked and iterated that it works the other way too: friends, relationship, sex, marriage, kids (sex sometimes after marriage). 

Mostly relationships fall apart and another bar fling is sought. 

No, the parents are rarely involved in partnering and although there is a pseudo economic cast system, people are not required follow it. Rich can marry poor and visa versa, Blacks can marry whites, although people usually marry into a similar economic and racial bubbles because we are still just not that integrated yet. However, soon everyone will be gray hermaphrodites, having mixed beyond any identifiable race or gender, unless the aliens decide the human experiment was a bad idea and pull funding (wait, what?). 

I realized my description of the courting habits of 20-somethings in the USA was entirely flawed. My friend said that I probably permanently damaged the reputation of westerners. But how does one explain non arranged marriages to people who were set up in arranged marriages.  

I am a horrible emissary for the USA.

There were snacks and a little confusion about sorting out the cleaning as that is usually done by the wives, but since it was the women's holiday of Tije, the men were having to clean up after themselves.

